The narrative taught to us by Egyptologists about the truth of ancient human
civilization.
Particularly that of ancient Egyptians is so full of holes that they are now
quite literally debunking themselves. In fact,
you may have seen news articles making headlines around the world of how
researchers have decoded the genome of ancient Egyptians. For the very,
in fact,
the findings have turned years of theory on its head causing Egyptologists to
reevaluate the region's history altogether.
The study tested preserved remains from an archeological site along the Nile
river in middle Egypt, then compared the DNA to modern Egyptians in chiro,
the study found that the mums closest ancient relative were from the near east
or west Asia and Europe. So in other words,
modern Egyptians have more in common with Sub-Sahara Africa than
the ancient Egyptians do,
which just completely debunks everything they thought they knew about the human
migration process into ancient Egypt and elsewhere around the world.
Now it's worth mentioning that they did testing from just one site in middle
Egypt for more than 150 Egyptian mummies. Now,
obviously they need to do more testing from other sites,
but it almost tells me that they chose this site just to validate their current
narrative. I mean, any research you do on this,
you'll see just how shocked these people truly were to have these findings.
But why are these people always so shocked? I mean,
and we learn throughout history that we constantly debunk ourselves,
that what we knew yesterday turns out to be false tomorrow.
And these people just can't seem to wrap their minds around it.
Maybe it's because of the fact that they memorized definitions in textbook
decades ago. And they've been handing out degrees on the subject matter,
which is as we've learned full of falsehoods for decades.
And they've been handing out these degrees to tens of thousands people that they
just don't wanna accept the fact that, well, they've been wrong from the get go.
I mean,
we've already learned in just the last year and a half that they're finding
native American DNA to contain middle Eastern DNA,
which is just a complete shock and a complete mystery. And on top of that,
they're finding DNA in south American mummies that have DNA from Aborigines from
all Australia. I mean,
you could pretty much just take the known human migration pattern map and throw
it out the window because it has just been overwhelmingly debunked. I mean,
how in the world do you have Australian Aboriginal DNA in south American mums,
but not in the remains of north American Indians,
I've discussed this in other videos,
but it just goes to show you that quite literally,
these Egyptologists have no idea what they're talking about. I mean,
how do they explain the fact that there are tens of thousands of ancient
Egyptian petroglyphs and hieroglyphs that show the ancient Egyptians or dynastic
Egyptians, I should say,
doing all kinds of different things yet there's a complete lack zero information
whatsoever about how they built the great Spinks or the at pyramids altogether,
which further validates when you take this newfound DNA evidence that there was
indeed a cataly that reset ancient human civilization.
So whoever built the Finks in the pyramids, well,
they were wiped out during the last cataly 13,000 years ago.
And the dynastic Egyptians that we know of came and found the remains of these
ancient sites and just built on top of them,
I've discussed the overwhelming evidence of the cataly and multiple other
videos. So I'll just hold off there, but just to paint you a picture,
I've discussed this in other videos as well,
but when you look at the overwhelming evidence from the enclosure of the great
fi it proves that the age of the great Finks is at least doubly age of what
we've been taught in very likely to be tens of thousands of years old based on
the water erosion around it. I mean,
anyone that doesn't acknowledge this has either not looked at the research or is
lying just to protect their own financial incentives because the evidence is
overwhelmingly conclusive that yes,
the great Finks is far it than what we've been taught in school or with the
narrative that the Egyptologists have been teaching for decades. And in fact,
you have professional geologists take, for example, Robert shock,
and more than 200 other professional geologists from around the world,
dozens of countries that have evaluated the spanks and have said that, yes,
it looks like there might be 20 to 30,000 years of water erosion around it,
which it it's worth mentioning that there is more than 30,000 years of Egyptian
lineage from the pharaohs literally carved in stone throughout ancient Egypt,
and yet modern Egyptologists,
just blow that off and see its symbolism of something else that it's wrong.
That obviously we don't date back 30,000 years. That's just impossible.
We don't have the evidence. The evidence is right in front of you and long.
I mean,
how many times do these people have to be debunked for them to register the fact
that maybe there's a lot more that they don't know than they know.
And it's time to start asking new questions.
It's time that they start acknowledging all the overwhelming evidence of the
cataly that happened 11,600 years ago,
and 13,000 years ago that shows you that there was an advanced civilization of
some kind that existed. And they were wiped out following that cataly.
And hence,
the reason why we don't know anything that happened more than 6,000 years ago,
yet modern humans as we are today have existed for at least 150,000 years,
possibly as much as 300, 350,000 years,
as we saw in recent articles going around, which I discussed in another video.
I mean,
do you ever wonder why we just have zero knowledge dating back more than 6,000
years and even 6,000 years ago was totally foggy.
And there's limited information about that altogether. Like I said,
it's time to start asking new questions,
but clearly the true history of ancient human civilization is far older and we
were far more advanced than we were ever taught in school. Anyways, guys,
I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight like in subscribe and leave me a comment.
Let me know what your are.
And they have many other videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics take
care of everybody.